————————————————————————————
Prologue - 0614
————————————————————————————

The continent of Ignas, in the
northern hemisphere of our world.
On this, the largest continent,
a war has been raging between two
countries for hundreds of years.
In the north of the continent lies
the Kislev Empire, in the south
lies the desert kingdom of Aveh.
The war has gone on for so long
that the people have forgotten the
cause, knowing only the pointless
circle of hostility and tragedy.

The chronic war obsession was soon
to encounter a devastating change.
This was due to the 'Ethos', an
institution that preserves our
world's culture, repairing tools
and weapons excavated from the
ruins of an ancient civilization.
At once both countries excavated
these ruins, and had the 'Ethos'
repair the discoveries, in order
to increase their military power.

The various weapons excavated from
the ruins greatly changed the form
of warfare.
The outcome of the battles between
the two countries was no longer
determined by man-to-man combat,
but by 'Gears' - giant humanoid
fighting machines - that were
obtained from deep within the
ruins.

Eventually, after continuous
swings in the state of the war,
Kislev gained the upper hand.
The major factor behind this lay
in the enormous difference in the
amount of resources buried within
their ruins.
But suddenly a mysterious military
force appeared in the continent of
Ignas. Called 'Gebler', this force
decided to make contact with Aveh.

With the assistance of this Gebler
military force, Aveh was able to
recover from being hopelessly out-
numbered to being back on an even
standing with Kislev.
Then, taking further advantage of
its newly gained momentum, Aveh
started to capture one territory
after another from Kislev, showing
no indication of slowing down in
their invasion campaign.

The remote village of Lahan,
 in the outskirts of Aveh,
near the border with Kislev.

This is where it all begins.
